AWS Node Setup procedure
2.1 Access Rules - AWS
Select the region as eu-west-2
To set up access rules on AWS , following actions to be done.
2.1.2 Create VPC
Go to AWS Console and type VPC in the search tab.
Now click on “Your VPCs”
Click on “Create VPC”
Enter VPC details as below.
you can provide a name for VPC or leave with default value.
In IPv4 CIDR enter 10.0.0.0/24 or any other value which is suitable for you.
Now click on “Create VPC”.
VPC is now created.
2.1.3 Create internet gateway
Now search for Internet Gateway and click on Internet Gateway
Click on Create Internet Gateway
Enter a name and click on Create internet gateway
Click on Attach to a VPC
Select the VPC created in earlier step and click on Attach Internet
gateway
2.1.4 Add internet gateway to Route table
Search for VPC and select the VPC created in the earlier step.
Click on Virtual private cloud->Route tables on the left navigation bar.
Click on Route table ID
Click on Edit Routes
Click on Add Route
Enter details as shown above and select the internet gateway created earlier
Click on Save changes.
2.1.5 Create Subnet
Search for Subnet and click on Subnet - VPC feature
Click on Create Subnet
Select the VPC created earlier
Enter details as below and click on Create Subnet.
2.1.4 Create Security Group
●
Create a security group with a set of rules for inbound and outbound traffic.
In service finder enter “Security Group” and click on “Security groups (EC2 feature)
Click on “Create Security Group”
This opens up a dialog box to create a security group.
In Basic Details enter
- Security group name
- Description
- Select VPC created earlier.
After entering Basic details, now add rules for inbound and outbound.
Click on Add Rule and add ports given below for a Guardian Node (For master node check
next step)
Or add ports as below for a Master Node
Enter value as shown above in the image.
Outbound rules tab can be left with default values as shown below
And click on Create Security Group to create.
Security group is now created.
Node Setup in AWS.
3.1 Node Setup.
All resources including EC2 instances need to be created in London (eu-west-2).
Log on to the AWS console with your credentials.
In the console home and find tab type “EC2” as shown below
Click on “EC2” which takes you to EC2 Dashboard
3.1.1 – Creating Key Pairs
This section explains about creating a keypair which is required to access EC2 instances.
(if you already have a key pair which can be used with a new EC2 instance you can ignore
this section).
In the EC2 Dashboard left panel, “Networks & Security “ section click on “Key Pairs” as
shown below.
Click on “Create Key Pair” yellow button on the right hand side corner which launches a new
dialog box as shown below
Enter a name for key pair in “Name” tab
Select “RSA” and select “.pem” or “.ppk” as shown above and click on Create Key Pair.
This creates a new Key pair with the name given in the name tab.
Key pair creation is now Completed and the keypair file with name provided is downloaded
automatically.
3.1.2 – Creating EC2 instance.
Continue with creating a new EC2 Instance. Type “EC2” in Services find box as below
Click on EC2 to go to the EC2 Dashboard.
Now click on “Launch Instance” as shown below.
In “Name and Tags” enter a name for your node. And select Ubuntu Server 20.04 LTS(HVM)
SSD Volume type Amazon Machine Image (AMI) as given below.
Select the instance type as given below (8 CPU , 16GB Ram)
Once Instance type is selected, now select the KeyPair as shown below
pull down the key pair name box and select the key pair created earlier
Setup “Network Settings”
Click on Edit
Enter details as shown below
Now go to “Set the Storage Size” task
Set the Storage size (320Gb) as given below
Now we are all ready to launch the instance.
Click on the Launch Instance and wait until the instance is created.
Node Registration Procedure (AWS).
Now the EC2 instance is created, it is time to connect and install NMS software.
To connect the EC2 instance search for EC2 dashboard and click on EC2 dashboard
Click on Instances (running)
Click on instance ID
Click on Connect
Click on Connect
Now EC2 instance command line is accessible.


